Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-project-deliverable-3-database-and-programming-design
<br>
Project Background. One (1) of the main functions of any business is to transform data into information. The use of relational databases has gained recognition as a standard for organizations and business transactions. A quality database design makes the flow of data seamless. The database schema is the foundation of the relational database. The schema defines the tables, fields, relationships, views, indexes, and other elements. The schema should be created by envisioning the business, processes, and workflow of the company.

Section 1. Write a five to ten (5-10) page design document using the template provided in which you.

Your assignment must follow these formatting requirements:• Be typed, double spaced, using Times New Roman font (size 12), with one-inch margins on all sides; citations and references must follow APA or school-specific format.• Include a cover page containing the title of the assignment, the student’s name, the professor’s name, the course title, and the date. The cover page and the reference page are not included in the required assignment page length.• Include charts or diagrams created in MS Visio or Dia as an appendix of the design document. All references to these diagrams must be included in the body of the design document.• Label each section of your paper according to the template below:

1. Cover/Title Page2. Create a database schema that supports the company’s business and processes.3. Explain and support the database schema with relevant arguments that support the rationale for the structure. Note: The minimum requirement for the schema should entail the tables, fields, relationships, views, and indexes.4. Create database tables with appropriate field-naming conventions. Then, identify primary keys and foreign keys, and explain how referential integrity will be achieved.5. Normalize the database tables to third normal form (3NF).6. Create an Entity-Relationship (E-R) Diagram through the use of graphical tools in Microsoft Visio or an open source alternative such as Dia. Note: The graphically depicted solution is not included in the required page length but must be included in the design document appendix.7. Explain your rationale behind the design of your E-R Diagram.8. Create a Data Flow Diagram (DFD) through the use of graphical tools in Microsoft Visio or an open source alternative such as Dia. Note: The graphically depicted solution is not included in the required page length but must be included in the design document appendix.9. Explain your rationale behind the design of your DFD.10. Create at least two (2) sample queries that will support the organizational reporting needs.11. Create at least two (2) screen layouts that illustrate the interface that organizational users will utilize.12. Work Cited: At least two (2) quality resources in this assignment.Section 2.

Use Microsoft Project or an open source alternative, such as Open Project, to:1. Update the Gantt chart or project plan (summary and detail) template, from Project Deliverable 2: Business Requirements, with all the project tasks.